---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: The World Unknown
date: 2016-09-08
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - git
  - Github
---

I'm always surprised at how ignorant I can be sometimes. I always discover that there is this world that I don't know about or some community that I never knew existed. 

When it comes to the world of software engineering, I'm actually relatively new, so I don't really know all that much about configuration management. In fact, I didn't even know that this was a thing at all. I mean I've heard about Github and git, but I never really understood what that was or what it did. All I knew was that it was some place where I could download some obscure Eagle library for my engineering projects but nothing outside of that at all.

## From Ignorance to Bliss (kind of)

Truth be told, I'm still being introduced into this world; it still feels new and fresh for me so I still don't know as much as I'd like to just yet. From what I can tell though, the networking available through Github makes it a very powerfull utility for anyone who wants to code, or even get started coding.

You have the ablilty to "fork" someone's code into your own repository, which to me didn't seem like that much a spectacular feature initially. But after digging aroung and using Github more and more, I found that you could also send a "pull request" which allows you to send changes to the original copy. Which is actually something really cool for those of us who want to share code amongst a lot of other people, or for those of us who want to collaborate with others. 

As of right now, I haven't actually sent a pull request, but I have forked a repository into mine, and I can see the appeal and use of it. With more experience and more time with the environment, I can see how great of a tool this could be for developers and many other people who need services like this.

If I'm being 100% honest, I'm still not quite comfortable talking in depth about the power and use of Github just yet. I'm still learning to use the environment myself and for me to talk about it like I've mastered it would be a disservice to what can actually be done on Github.

In the meantime, I'll keep learning and using Github and hopefully (sooner than later) that I'll be able to appreciate all the things it can do for me. 
